-- Chapter 3 --
Helius, city of harbor. A small city to be said, very small indeed. As every local here knows one another, they all keep their secrets to them self. Secrets as small that one has stolen the fruit of a garden and secrets as large as the unfound Cape of Helius. A Cape so powerful that is written with a capital and when one speaks of it... he or she will speak it out loud. The Cape which lies in Helius was once brought a girl, like any other girl you meet, a girl that cries, learns, gets angry and smiles, but always keeps her head up. No one even remembers her name, so they all refer her as The One. But what the Cape does, is beyond this world and that is the only thing that anyone knows about.

Zoe: "Time to reach my first destination: Helius"

-- Reaching Helius --
Zoe: "Hmm I like guys in uniform."
Knight: "Thank you madam, you look lovely yourself."
Knight: "Wait is that you Zoe!?"
Zoe: "Uhm yes, do we know each other?"
Knight: "Oh you poor soul, you forgot everything didn't you?"
Zoe: "What did I forget?"
Unknown: "Me"
Zoe: "Who said that?"
Knight: "Said what?"
Zoe: "Did you not hear that? Someone whispered."
Knight: "No I did not, if you are here to recover your memories, find Steven."
Knight: "Have nice day Zoe, you deserve it."
Zoe: "Thanks I guess, same."

-- Next house --
Zoe: "Sorry miss, do you know me as well?"
Miss: "Hmm no. Wait. Yes, where is your cape?"
Zoe: "Cape?"
Miss: "Yes, last time you came here to save us, you were wearing a cape."
Zoe: "Saving you, cape? What are you talking about miss?"
Miss: "Find Steven dear, find him."
Zoe: "Oke oke, where can I find him then?"
Miss: "Collect the two diamonds and 50 coins, the door will appear to his place."

-- Steven --
Steven: "Hi Zoe"
Zoe: "Hi Steven, everyone seems to know me and talking about a cape and saving, what is all about?"
Steven: "You were here before, but you were not alone."
Steven: "Long time ago, we needed your aid."
Steven: "You saved us, but at a cost."
Unknown: "A high cost unfortunately."
Zoe: "Again that voice, did you hear that?"
Zoe: "Never mind you probably did not."
Zoe: "Why did I come here, tell more."
Steven: "I can not."
Zoe: "Wait, let me guess, I have to find someone else. And collect coins and shit again."
Steven: "Watch your language, and no I will not make you live through that again."
Zoe: "What finding coins was not that bad."
Steven: "I was not talking about collecting, I was talking about your memories."
Zoe: "Well that is up to me to decide is it not?"
Steven: "Leave please."
Zoe: "Allright I'm gone."

-- At the inn --
Zoe: "What a weird city, I will leave this play first thing in the morning"

-- END CHAPTER --